Mark this repository as deprecated (#7)
esl/mongooseim-kubernetes: README.md

# DEPRECATED

> This repository is being deprecated in favour of the appropriate [Helm charts](https://github.com/esl/MongooseHelm). If you want to recover the plain kubernetes yaml definitions, it can be done using the `helm template` command on the supported helm repository, where you can find the appropriate information on how to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have switched from direct use of Kubernetes resource files to [Helm charts](https://github.com/esl/MongooseHelm). The already existing resource files are still kept here for reference. If you want to recover them from the Helm Charts, it can be done using the `helm template` command on the supported Helm repository. You can find more detailed instructions there. This repository will be archived.
```
